[Tizen Studio] 4.0 release notes (#1140)
Samsung/tizen-docs: docs/application/tizen-studio/release-notes/4-0-release-notes.md

# Tizen Studio 4.0 Release Notes

> - Release Date: October 31, 2020

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Release Date: Oct 31, 2020
```

# Tizen Studio 4.0 Release Notes

> - Release Date: Oct 31, 2020

Reviewer: I think @manishtr would also know, that the release date is changed again.
At here it is said that Tizen Studio 4.0 is planned to be published on Oct 29.
So, would you please update the release date to the actual date?

I hope this comment be the last update request...

Author: Thanks, i have done it

## IDE and Tools

### New Features

- IDE
  - Tizen 6.0 platform support has been added.
  - Battery Historian tool has been added to help analyze the battery usage.
  - Tizen Core new CLI support for Tizen 6.0 Native applications has been added.
  - Toochain has been updated to GCC 9.2 and LLVM 10.
  - Support for MacOS Catalina, Ubuntu 18.04 and Ubuntu 20.04 has been added.
  - Support for aarch64 architecture on IOT 6.0 extension for rpi4 has been added.

### Deprecated

>   - Tizen RT will be deprecated starting Tizen Studio 4.1

Reviewer 2: @mijin85cho what's your opinion? 
changing starting with from // just to maintain consistency with other notes.
```suggestion 
   - Tizen RT will be deprecated from Tizen Studio 4.1.

>   - Bridge Networking support in emulators will be deprecated in future Tizen Studio releases.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - Tizen RT will be deprecated from Tizen Studio 4.1.
   - Bridge Networking support in emulators will be deprecated in future Tizen Studio releases.

>   - Bridge Networking support in emulators will be deprecated in future Tizen Studio releases.

Author: Currently it not decided as the next release might only contain important bug fixes and 5.5 Updates

>   - Bridge Networking support in emulators will be deprecated in future Tizen Studio releases.

Reviewer 2: @manishtr can you please indent the 2nd point of the list. 

No other changes needed, following which I shall approve the PR.
Thanks

  
### Known Issues

- Tizen Studio
  - In macOS, if the UI perspectives are not displayed properly after updating Tizen Studio, it is recommended to restart the IDE. This issue is because of the uncleared cache from previous installation.
  - In case if you see any old perspective, it is recommended to create a new workspace and import the projects to the new workspace to resolve the issue.
- Common

>   - If you install Tizen Studio in a directory that requires administrator privileges for access. For example, for C:\ProgramFiles, administrator privileges are required to run the Tizen SDK tools. The Tizen Installer and the baseline SDK Installer alerts you, if you try to install into such a directory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - If you install Tizen Studio in a directory that requires administrator privileges for access. For example, for **C:\ProgramFiles** location administrator privilege is needed to run the Tizen SDK tools. The Tizen Installer and the baseline SDK Installer alerts you if you try to install it into such a directory.

>   - If you install Tizen Studio in a directory that requires administrator privileges for access. For example, for **C:\ProgramFiles** location administrator privilege is needed to run the Tizen SDK tools. The Tizen Installer and the baseline SDK Installer alerts you if you try to install it into such a directory.

Reviewer 2: @manishtr Although the current sentences give the meaning, but I am suggesting the following:  

```suggestion
  - If you install Tizen Studio in a directory such as **C:\ProgramFiles** that needs administrator privileges to run the Tizen SDK tools.  The Tizen Installer and the baseline SDK Installer alerts you.
```
If you like it, then incorporate, else just ignore.

Reviewer: @nawab-samsung As we have to finish the review of this PR till today, and the last issue you reported is minor, 
we'd better to skip this comment.

Please remember this issue to check when release note for next Tizen Studio version is created.

If there is no other critical issue except this one, approve this PR.

Reviewer 2: Sure, thanks

- Web and Native IDE

>   - You can create unit tests for Tizen 2.3.2 and higher version projects only. Now Tizen Studio does not support unit testing for older versions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion 
  - You can create unit tests for Tizen 2.3.2 and higher version projects only. Unit testing for older versions is not supported.

- Web IDE
  - The preview tab in the Web Page Editor sometimes does not appear properly. Use an alternative feature, named Web SDK HTML Editor, which has enhanced features compared to the Web Page Editor. Instead of the preview tab in the Web Page Editor, use the preview feature **Ctrl + 4** of the Web SDK HTML Editor.
  - In Rapid Development Support (RDS) mode, the web unit test result is not updated.
  - Remote Inspector does not allow audit in the updated version of Chrome.
- Certificate Manager
  - Overwriting a duplicate certificate profile in the migration wizard works incorrectly on macOS.
- Emulator

>   - In the Tizen 5.5 version, the emulator images app un-installation might take some time to complete if the app name contains more than 14 characters. A patch for the same is expected to be released in the next update.

Author: This sentence is about 5.5 Version , it has this issue, the patch for it will be release with 4.1 or later.

>   - In the Tizen 5.5 version, the emulator images app un-installation might take some time to complete if the app name contains more than 14 characters. A patch for the same is expected to be released in the next update.

Reviewer: Thanks for the reply, @manishtr. Then we can keep the sentence.

    - On Ubuntu, if the graphics driver is out-of-date, your Ubuntu desktop session occasionally logs out while launching Emulator Manager, or the emulator skin is displayed improperly. Verify the prerequisites and upgrade to the latest graphics driver.
  - On Windows, depending on your OS theme (such as Non-Aero themes and Windows XP themes), a display surface can be erased for a while if the emulator window is covered with another window. If you click the emulator window, the display surface runs correctly again.
  - On Windows, if an error with message "failed to allocate memory" occurs while executing the emulator, try the following:
    - Close some other programs and try to launch the emulator again.
    - If the RAM size is set to 768 or 1024 MB for the VM in Emulator Manager, change it to 512 MB.
    - Increase the user area of the virtual memory in the system to 3 GB by entering the **bcdedit /setincreaseuserva 3072** command on the console with administrator rights (only in Windows 7), and reboot.

>   - If you use a MacBook Pro that has both Intel HD and NVIDIA&reg; GPUs, the emulator can be unexpectedly terminated when you execute the emulator with OpenGL ES version 1.1 or 2.0. Verify the emulator configuration in Emulator Manager and on the general tab in the emulator configuration window, set OpenGL ES version to version 2.0 or to version 3.0.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - If you use a MacBook Pro that has both Intel HD and NVIDIA&reg; GPUs, the emulator can terminate unexpectedly when you execute the emulator with OpenGL ES version 1.1 or 2.0. Verify the emulator configuration in Emulator Manager and on the **General** tab in the emulator configuration window, set OpenGL ES version to version 2.0, or to version 3.0.

  - When you launch Emulator Manager in the Tizen IDE, the shortcut image of Emulator Manager may not be displayed properly.
  - Basic Web applications are not installed on SD cards.

>   - To use Tizen Emulator in Tizen platform 3.0 or lower, disable the CPU VT option in the HW Support section of Emulator Configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - To use Tizen Emulator in Tizen platform 3.0 or lower, disable the CPU VT option in the **HW Support** tab of Emulator Configuration.
